yeah we should all hide together it's a
loose ball hide somewhere together i'm
down i did you said that all right we
need to find each other Guillermo where
are you I'm oru box are you house all
right behind you okay I saw you just
book it passed over here oh shit watch
out watch out don't move don't move yeah
you watch that way i watch this way okay
there's one there's someone coming one
guy oh there's one guy upstairs he's
coming from myself my god shit were
about to die see how you look on the guy
the crowbar yeah watch out watch out oh
shit oh I just booked it I'm such a big
hot seat Oh you dye know I'm a fucking
guard no wait what the hell was on your
head like what the red what the fuck
call the Tribune dude oh my god didn't
have to play the race card why are you
playing the race card to see what is on
your head she's just a single large
african-american nut
oh my god this song
Mr Bond might decide it is like wait is
it not working but it is not uh oh my
god this song miss Aloha oh my gosh it's
the trash to get this song I don't think
he's the trash can let's see yeah he
definitely his dude or is inside of the
trash can no oh yeah shit admin joined
every days oh wait that right now I
think someone's in this trash hangs like
the side of it what the hell this guy is
cheating dude honestly can't just shoot
your natan there dude yeah Plato would
just blow my load yeah blown the load
for the Hokies here oh my gah Nick give
us an to where you are what room I
shouldn't have eaten that chipotle
earlier he's in the trash ya know he's
in the bathroom cuz he's shitting bricks
right now pretty I where to go where to
go I feel like he's alone he's dead did
he die babe all right Nick give us some
hints there's a baby in the toilet
there's a VIP in the toilet hi abortion